W-15063470-W-15083076-maven-settings-files-duke (#293)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/acb-maven-settings.adoc

//
// tag::maven-settings-custom[]

The Apache Maven file `settings.xml` enables you to configure Maven settings, such as repositories, proxy settings, and credentials. For detailed information, see https://maven.apache.org/settings.html[Settings Reference^] in the Apache Maven documentation.

> //TODO: Pls verify "or if the file is not present at that path"

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Pls verify "or if the file is not present at that path"
```
In other words, what was meant by “an empty one” in Slack? " If the settings was not found, an empty one is created in the default location of ${user.home}/.m2/repository"

Author: resolved: an empty settings.xml

> To change the default path to your Maven `settings.xml` directory, set the `maven.settings` or `$M2_REPO `system property.

Author: ```suggestion
To change the default path to your Maven `settings.xml` directory, set the `maven.settings` or `M2_REPO `system property.
```

Anypoint Code Builder supports a custom directory for your Maven `settings.xml` file. To locate the file, the IDE first checks the system property `maven.settings`. If the property specifies a path, the IDE uses the `settings.xml` file at that path. If `maven.settings` does not specify a path or if the file is not present at that path, the IDE checks for `settings.xml` within the path set by the `$M2_REPO` system property (`$M2_REPO/settings.xml`). If `settings.xml` is not found at that path, the IDE creates an empty `settings.xml` file in the default location, `${user.home}/.m2/repository`. 

// end::maven-settings-custom[]
//

//
// tag::maven-acb-settings-file[]

> //TODO: WHEN ARE CHANGES to settings.xml reflected in acb_settings.xml?

Author: //TODO: WHEN ARE CHANGES to settings.xml reflected in acb_settings.xml?

Author: Question: When does acb_settings.xml get created? What triggers the creation? The video says when you run ACB, but I’m not sure what exactly is getting run.

Author: Question: Where does the acb_settings.xml file live? Is it always in the default .m2 directory, or could it live some other place?

Author: Anything else to add from the epic MVN Settings handling?

Author: done

//
// tag::maven-settings-custom[]

The Apache Maven file `settings.xml` enables you to configure Maven settings, such as repositories, proxy settings, and credentials. For detailed information, see https://maven.apache.org/settings.html[Settings Reference^] in the Apache Maven documentation.

> To change the default path to your Maven `settings.xml` directory, set the `maven.settings` or `M2_REPO `system property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the default path to your Maven `settings.xml` directory, set the `maven.settings` or `M2_REPO` system property.
```
Just in case.

> To locate `settings.xml`, the IDE first checks for a `maven.settings` configuration. If the property specifies a path, the IDE uses the `settings.xml` file at that path. If `maven.settings` does not specify a path or if the file is not present at that path, the IDE checks for `settings.xml` within the path set by the `M2_REPO` classpath variable (for example, `M2_REPO/settings.xml`). If `settings.xml` is not found at that path, the IDE creates an empty `settings.xml` file in the default location, `${user.home}/.m2/repository`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To locate `settings.xml`, the IDE first checks for a `maven.settings` configuration. If the property specifies a path, the IDE uses the `settings.xml` file at that path. If `maven.settings` doesn't specify a path or if the file isn't present at that path, the IDE checks for `settings.xml` within the path set by the `M2_REPO` classpath variable (for example, `M2_REPO/settings.xml`). If `settings.xml` isn't found at that path, the IDE creates an empty `settings.xml` file in the default location, `${user.home}/.m2/repository`. 
```
Adding contractions.

// end::maven-settings-custom[]
//

//
// tag::maven-acb-settings-file[]

> Anypoint Code Builder does not make changes to your Maven `settings.xml` file. Instead, when you open the IDE, a separate settings file, `acb_settings.xml` is created in `${user.home}/.m2/repository` if the Anypoint Extension Pack is installed in the IDE. The extension pack is preinstalled in the cloud IDE, but you must install it to the desktop IDE. See xref:start-acb.adoc#set-up-desktop[Set up the Desktop IDE].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder doesn't make changes to your Maven `settings.xml` file. Instead, when you open the IDE, a separate settings file, `acb_settings.xml` is created in `${user.home}/.m2/repository` if the Anypoint Extension Pack is installed in the IDE. The extension pack is preinstalled in the cloud IDE, but you must install it to the desktop IDE. See xref:start-acb.adoc#set-up-desktop[Set up the Desktop IDE].
```
